*******************************************************************************
Out of Eve 1.7 INC Installation Notes
 - http://www.outofeve.com/
 - http://code.google.com/p/ooe/
 - http://shrimpworks.za.net/
 - shrimp@shrimpworks.za.net
*******************************************************************************

Requirements:
  PHP 5, with curl module enabled
  MySQL

Prerequesits:
  MySQL Eve static data dump
  (Incursion MySQL dump: http://eve.no-ip.de/inc101/)
  Eve icons (outofeve-eveimages-x.x.zip)

*******************************************************************************

Installation is quite straight-forward. Extract and upload the entire contents 
of the outofeve-x.x source package to your web server.

Extract and upload the contents of outofeve-eveimages-x.x to the same location.

When you have the MySQL database dump imported, you will need to run the 
included "sql/additional-tables.sql" SQL script, which will create tables for
the missing Manufacturing completion status descriptions and corporation roles.

In addition to importing CCP's database dump, you will need to create an 
additional database for Out of Eve's users and Eve account details. Once you 
have a  database created and ready, execute the contents of 
"sql/install-db.sql" on that database to create the required tables.


Before you begin configuring settings, create a copy of 
"includes/config.default.php" named "includes/config.php".

Whip open your new "includes/config.php", and make sure the settings are all 
suitable and match your environment. Most things should not need changing. Just
make sure the "$config['site']['url']" option is correct; it should be the
relative path to your Out of Eve site. For example, if you're running it from:

  http://my.website/outofeve/

Then "$config['site']['url']" should be set to "/outofeve".


If you want to encrypt your Eve API keys, you will need to create an encription
key file. This is a simple plain text file containing nothing but a keyword 
which will be used to encrypt API keys. This file should be kept well away from
any www-published paths. An example for creating a key file on *nix:

  $ echo "mykey9876" > /root/ooekeypass

You can then configure $config['site']['keypass'] as follows:

  $config['site']['keypass'] = '/root/ooekeypass';

If you do not want to encrypt API keys, leave the keypass option empty:

  $config['site']['keypass'] = '';


Another option you may wish to change would be "$config['eve']['cache_dir']".
This option controls where the downloaded API XML files are stored. I'd 
recommend you store these outside of any www-available paths, for example:

  $config['eve']['cache_dir'] = '/var/cache/outofeve/'

Just make sure the path is writable by the web server (either chmod or chown
the directory with relevent options). By default this directory is just
"cache/" where you uploaded Out of Eve.

Storing these cache files outside of the website path improves security and
reduces the chances of someone getting hold of your character data (no 
passwords, API keys, user IDs etc are stored here, though).


Once you are happy with config.php, the Eve data has been imported, your
Out of Eve database has been created, and the eveimages directory has been
filled, you should be ready to go!


Should you be feeling generous, ISK donations to "Azazel Mordred" are greatly
appreciated!

*******************************************************************************